hey guys welcome to another weightless
Wednesday welcome to my kitchen
today I wanted to do a step-by-step of
how I lost away and this isn't a diet of
any sore for those of you who new to my
channel I lost over 100 pounds and I did
it by just changing my lifestyle and
it's much easier because I've struggled
with weight since I was a small child
it's much easier to do it this way
instead of hitting it hardcore and be
like okay I'm neat salads everyday and
drink nothing but water and all that
which sounds great but if you totally
switch it up and do that from the get-go
literally three days later you'll be
like oh screw this I'm having a
hamburger so what I'm gonna do for you
guys is do step by step every week
you're gonna change just one thing so
this is a permanent lifestyle change
this isn't a crash diet of any sort so
what we're going to do is switch out the
drinks for this so this is step one do
not change anything else about your diet
except this so if you eat a hamburger
every day for lunch I know this sounds
contrary to what you may think but
you're gonna keep doing that because if
you again if you do everything too
drastically it won't be a permanent
change so we're focusing on drinks this
week these things have hidden sugar like
crazy like this Pepsi has 150 calories
just for this and it's full of a lot of
stuff that isn't good for your body
and your ultimate goal is to get to this
I'm not gonna lie I hate drinking plain
water so we're gonna do this and baby
steps so what you guys are gonna do is
cut out any sort of drinks this week
that are like full of sugar that you
know or just aren't good for you
and I'm gonna give you guys some options
of what to drink so let me grab the
camera real quick and then I'll show you
what I drink on a day-to-day basis okay
so over in my station over here I don't
if you guys can see this is my little
coffee station this is where every
morning and make me a delicious carriage
so for the mornings what I do is I get
like some decaf pots and I make coffee
there and then I ordered this you guys
have to try this it's from Nespresso too
it's a milk frother hold on let me get
some milk out of my fridge don't judge
me for my fridge it's really dirty right
now so what we're gonna do is almond
milk hold on me grab this one
they have vanillin original flavor and
literally what I'll do is make a cup of
coffee look at this one-handed skills
and then I just pour the milk inside
here
wait for it you guys wait for it press
the button and it Frost's it up and it
even warms it a little bit for you so
you can make a latte how cool is that
okay so here's my coffee you guys and
then what I do is I have these like
stevia packets you guys can use whatever
sweetener you want and I also have this
organic I'm hazelnut coffee syrup I
forget where I got that I think Target
had it or Whole Foods and then I also do
honey for my tea which I'll show you in
a second but look at that froth milk and
the almond milk you guys I swear has
saved my stomach I'll go more into that
later but you just pour come on frothy
stuff get in there so you pour that in
there mix it up and you could do you
know like your sweetener in there and
it's delicious you guys so that's what I
have every morning for breakfast
now other options for drinks um oh wow
this is a mess so they have the liquid
stevia which you could use for your
coffee too but I love every night
drinking tea and there's lots of flavors
like I do a chai tea um
this is Oh Jasmine I love jasmine tea
and I just get these at my local you
know grocery store this one you guys the
yogi sweet tangerine you have to try
this brew it and make it an iced tea and
add some honey and some lemon and have
it over ice it's delicious you will
never have to drink Pepsi again it
really is good so that's what I do for
that drinks and I'll show you my fridge
again ah look at my pictures that lady
she's so scared there she's all buggy
that was at her doggy daycare and I
think she looks terrified okay so in my
fridge you guys know I keep like my
almond breeze these are actually pretty
good too I don't like drinking them a
ton because they do have I think
artificial sweetener in there but they
put vitamins and stuff it's that
sparkling ice you can get it at Bellaire
um and then what else do I have in here
it is the neuro sleep oh yeah neuro
sleeps these are really good too these
are have like lots of vitamins and stuff
in there too
oh and then let me show you guys um also
I know some people this has you know
artificial sweetener to I don't do a ton
of it but if you really have a hard time
drinking water like I do I get these Meo
kind of sweeteners and I add just a
little bit of that and put a little
lemon juice in there and that's
delicious too so there's some sort of
drink options to get you guys off
the Pepsi so hopefully that helps you
guys with your week one of your healthy
eating lifestyle that's we're gonna call
it cuz again this is not a diet we want
this to be primitive changes um join me
next week you guys every Wednesday for
several months until you guys get sick
of these series I'm gonna give you guys
tips and anything I can do to help you
as you try to lose weight as well
because again I'm in this journey I'm
have some more weight that I need to
lose and I really just want to be
healthy on the inside and out so thanks
for watching you guys we'll see you next
Wednesday bye